Allow disabling of regexp character sorting (#468)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/regex-shorthand.md

const regex = /\W/i;
const regex = /\d\.\w\-\D/i;
```

## Options

> ### disableCharacterSorting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### sortCharacters
```

And make it true by default.

Reviewer: Actually, `sortCharactersClasses` may be more correct.

Type: `boolean`\
Default: `true`

> Disables optimizations that affects the sorting of characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disables optimizations that affects the sorting of character classes.
```

> Disables optimizations that affects the sorting of characters.

Reviewer: The description here needs to be clearer about what exactly will be sorted. "characters" is too ambiguous.

Author: @sindresorhus There are two options as I see it:

1. Get into the specifics of regexp-tree and be up front about the disabling of `charClassClassrangesMerge`, which the sorting is a needed side-effect of. This is probably too implementation specific and doesn't convey the purpose clearly.
2. Clearly convey the intended effect by naming it `sortCharacters`/`sortCharacterClasses` (which the description of maybe could be spelled out in a somewhat more specific manner, but I have a hard time pinpointing that, maybe due to me not being the best at Regexp terminology).

I lean towards the second and I get the impression that you do as well?

Reviewer: Sorry, missed this. Yes, `2`. Could you also add an example? Not everyone knows what character classes are.
